Hello, my name is Jenny. Hi. How are you doing?
I am fine, thank you. Where do you live? I live in Dubai.
Nice. I live Abu Dhabi. How long do you live there?
I live there for seven years. Do you live alone or with your family?
I live with my wife. Really? Nice. L live with mother.
How long have you been married? I have been married for three years.
Where are you working? I am working in a factory. Do you like working in
the factory? No, I do not like working in the factory.
But I need money. Yes, I understand. Where do you want
to work? I want to work in an office. I see. I hope you
get a job in an office. Thank you, Jenny. Where do you work?
I work in the supermarket. What do you do in the supermarket? I am
a manager. I love my job. That's great. I am happy
you have a good job. Thank you, Peter. I have lots of friends.
Really? How many do you have? I don't know. Maybe 1000.
That is a lot of friends. I don't believe. Check out the number of friends
I have on Facebook. Do you have a best friend? Of course.
I have lost of best friends. How many best friends do you have?
I think about 30. I have only one best friend. I feel sorry
for you. I have only a five friends. You must be lonely.
I will share my friends with you. That's very nice of you. My ear
is killing me. What is the matter? I was on a plane. So every
time the plane goes up, my ear starts to hurt. That's no good.
Sometimes the pain goes away and sometimes it doesn't.
Have you seen a doctor? I've been to three doctors. And they
couldn't fix your problem. They said I have to live with it. Or you can
stay off planes. Yes. It was nice talking to you, but I have
to go. Okay.